THE NEW NODE IS SETUP and operational.
Node 2.0 Bitcoin full node address (Does not work with electrum yet. Read note below)
zztaegcitdl7bar4.onion
pvigneuyddbxr2vhpvmukvo7rpleggo4xxhtmoh6jwlkerui44cxbnad.onion (V3 hidden service
address on bitcoin node is experimental. If you notice any connect issues please let
me know.)

CPU:
The new server uses an ARM cpu believed to not be vulnerable to meltdown spectre type
issues. And with it not being intel or AMD there are no known backdoors in hardware.

Storage:
The new server is using a fan cooled high capacity RAID 1 setup for storing the
blockchain and other critical data.

Software securtity:
Like this one, the new node is reachable only by a Tor hidden service address and all
outbound connections are through Tor only. It has a hsv2 and hsv3 hidden service
address. The OS and as much software as possible is compiled from source. Using Node2.0
instead of Node1 is recommended.

Physical security:
It is in a fairly safe location that is also anonymously hosted due to being Tor only.
I have security cameras that allow me to be alerted on intrusion of the area. I am
also using network hardware running open source firmware that the nodes sit behind.

Other:
It is connected to a UPS battery backup to help protect from data loss or corruption.
In the event of a short term power outage it would keep it powered until restoration
and protect equipment from dirty power.

Note:
The new node is now a fully functional full node. It does not have Electrum Server
installed on it yet. But I am keeping Node 1 online for now while I work on getting
Electrum Server on Node2.0. If you want to use Node2.0 now you can use Wasabi Wallet
pointed to Node2.0 as an alternative in the meantime. Or just continue using Electrum
with Node1 while I get Electrum Server on Node2.0. Actually, I recommend Wasabi Wallet
over Electrum for privacy reasons. There is nothing wrong with Electrum. Electrum is an
excellent wallet. But if you do not trust the Electrum Server you are connecting to, it
has the ability to know all your bitcoin addresses. I do not store logs on Electrum or
spy on users. But security should not be reliant on trust. I plan on continuing to
operate Electrum Server as a service and help people set up their own bitcoin server if
they need assistance.
